I wore these in the late 80s and 90s, back when I was a young'un.  They have decent support (which is important to me now), and they are comfy, so decided to get them again. Normally I wear a 7.5 or an 8B, depending on the shoe.  When I wear slides I will go up to an 8.5B due to a high instep. I read the reviews, saw they ran narrow, so I went with the 8.5 wide.  Sooo tight!  Had to really work to get my foot in, and they were even a little short for me (I don't like my toes to go right to the very end of flipflops).  So I returned them. Next I ordered a pair in 9 double wide. They were way too big!  The straps were very floppy, right out of the box, so they'd be a mess as soon as they broke in even a little bit. They felt like they'd fall off my feet.  By now I'm feeling like "Goldilocks goes to buy flipflops."  I have since ordered them in the 9 wide, and I am hoping that they will be juuuuust right.  I'll update when they get here. But I still love these sandals.  I docked a star only for the odd sizing.  UPDATE 4/29/14:  Yep, we're good!  The 9 wide was just the ticket.
I bought these as a Christmas gift for my husband, and ended up giving them to him early, as he really needed them when the weather got very cold.  They fit him perfectly (not a small thing with size 13 feet!) and keep his feet warm and comfy.
Too large.
Excellent quality, which is what I expect from Haggar.
Waist perfect.  Legs too wide.
It said original fit which I ordered in the past size 40/30. On arrival it said Loose/Original fit. I ordered the same size but it was huge and too long. Return was smooth. Thanks...
Tie cords are a little short.
These did the job. Better quality than other FOTL products.
Great
So comfortable ! I'm 5 '10 and the talls are a little long but I just rolled them up one and they're perfect better long than short
I have a red and black one like this and the handles were wearing out I really like these colors. I didn't realize the size when I ordered but it's a great bag
My daughter asked for these for a gift.  I purchased and she started wearing them immediately.  They are a little more expensive because they are better quality than some.
These shoes fit so good and are so soft. This pair is my 4th pair in the last 3 years
Worked perfectly for our play.
Great product!
Love them, my favorite shoe!
I didn't realize that they were expandable waist. If I had been aware of that I would of got the waist size 38. I have 4 pair of the 38 expandable waist Haggar slacks and they are perfect.
Pretty good fit for not trying on in person.
These replaced a pair my daughter already had so she knew her size.  She loves these shoes.
I was looking for stud earrings for myself, but was nervous about ordering them online. I have worn only white pearl studs for the last 5 years and decided to try something a little different. I love amber and gave these a try. They're wonderful. I've had them for 2 years, they still look brand new. I would recommend them for gifts or for yourself.
I'm pleased with the product. I work in extreme environments an am subject to fridged temperatures and brutal freezing winds. This suit does the job perfectly. Protect my skin from exposure and keeps me warm. No wind gets in at all. Recommend whereing something warm on your head though. I didn't get the hood, and I where a winter penguin beany with a mask and a fleece pull over. Not sure about he hood. That's why I didn't buy one.\nThe one thing I would have done differently was to by a 38 regular or a 36 long. I didn't have an option to buy a long  from this website (didn't provide a selection),but the price was right. Once I purchased it, the product details said it was a regular.\nI am 5'10" 182 lbs. I'm muscular and very fit, and I bought a 36 regular. Fits fine once it's on, but getting into it is a problem. The span for the arms is too tight. I have trouble getting my arms into the suit (pulling from the back over to the front so I can zip it up). Well one other thing is that when I sit or bed the legs pull up over boots, but they settle back down when I'm upright.\nBUT\nDefinitely the right price. Normally much higher.\nGood buy\n\nOn days that are not so cold I have a two peice (jacket and bid) also great. I didn't purchase those though, they were a gift. Hand me down. I could tell you what size. The tags are worn out.\nGreat products.
I am ordering a pair in a larger size, so I can critique this item better once they are received.
Excellent for very cold weather
Started wearing these during the breast feeding months and never went back to the other bras.  Light, comfortable and adequate support.
Nice Necklace, flower is a bit bigger than I thought it would be.  Chain it comes with is too long.
We call him "pawpaw" and yep, he wears overalls regularly, and now he can look classy in his brand new ones.  He says Key Apparel makes the most comfortable fitting ones and we have to admit, they do look nice on him.  Thank you, Key Apparel for a fantastic product!
Look good fit good.
I love this earring. Simple but so elegant. It comes with a box and its very classy perfect for gifts.
Most confortable shoes ever. They look good and work with most outfits. My only wish is that they made an all-white version.
THIS IS WONDERFUL TBL SHOE,I LOVE IT VERY MUCH,I THINK THAT EVERY MAN NEEDS TO BUY ONE,MY FRIENDS LIKES TOO.
Ordered a size 11m as a gift. Did not notice until the person told me that they had gotten a 10m. Shoe is nice but I suppose the fit is really due to receiving the wrong size
This is really well done. The actual pendant you get will vary, but I was surprised by how closely it actually matched the image here. My grandmother loves it- she wears it frequently and gets lots of compliments for it!
It's not comfortable for me. They look good though. But the inside wiring feels weird and uncomfortable.
These are great for the price... Love them...
I live in Quito, Ecuador and I go to US to visit my family and friends and to do shopping every year. I fold it in my carry on when I go to States and pack it bursting when I return. It is easy to spot when its coming on a luggage belt and not as heavy as conventional suitcase.\nLove it.
awesome jeans - i have worn them for years.  perfect for bikers.  not too skinny, but not relaxed fit.  the croth will be the first to tear and I recommend reinforcing them.
I buy a new pair of these Cobian Bounce Sandals every year because I love them so much I wear them until they are worn thin!  My Big toe makes an indent after about a year and I trip on it. However my best friend always takes my old pairs because my toe marks don't trip her at all, so they never go to waste.  If you are looking for a TRULY comfortable flip flop this one takes the cake!
This box was perfect for my "Helpful People" feng shui corner.  The only thing I had to tweek was the color of the velvet on the inside.  Wished it came with red velvet instead of the blue, but other than that, it was perfect!
These look exactly as pictures and reflect the light very well. Highly recommend.
Great fitting jeans. Tight in the right places but not tight in the more sensitive parts.
Great for the price, was sent immediately
Was very disappointed with my order for the fact that it didn't even fit. Don't think the sizes are appropriate. Get a size or two bigger if u order.
great fit, even for wide feet and wide enough for me to wear it with my socks on.
Very comfortable. This is my second summer wearing them everywhere. I like that they're as comfortable as regular flip flops but the extra straps make them feel more secure but also slightly dressier.
Love Jerzees sweats, but on this one the sleeves are HUGE.  A guy with 20" biceps and a skinny body would be happy.  Took 10 days to deliver.
Great jeans. Fit true to size. 32" waist fits at your waist - no droopy drawers.\nGreat value
Got these for my daughter after her Uggs died. She loves them better than the Uggs.
Perfect!
I have two pairs of the FitFlop sandals in the slim style which fit my normal width feet perfectly.  These were much to wide for me :(
I love these, great for adding a little something to your outfit without too much bulk... I am buying more :)
size is perfect I usually wear a 7 1/2 but ordered an 8 since I thought it looked narrow.. but they weren't they are right on. very nice quality and sharp looking boot!
I've had these shoes before and reordered these to replace my older ones.
Typical of Dansko these are awesome clogs.  I love them and they are great.  They seem to have a little more room in the toe box area which is fine with me.
I returned this item I bought it for my mom and it was too large but return was easy
It's red, it's for working outside, fabric is a bit thin
Awesome quality pants and cheaper than everywhere else. I will only be buying work pants on here from now on!
You can't go wrong with Hanes. These are cute, really soft, and well-made. After many washings, they're still in excellent condition. Very happy with this purchase.
After four years of wearing this brand and type of shoe and loving them, this particular one felt clumsy and it was difficult to be coordinated in step class. The heel seems wide and the balance is off.
A few years ago, I had a pair of black Chucks that were extremely comfortable. After that, I tried some other sneakers, and when I tried these on again in stores, I thought they had really uncomfortable footbeds. After going through a couple of pairs of $10 sneakers, I decided to try these again. After a day of wear, the footbed feels perfect to me. It gives good support, but it also molds to your feet. Because they lace up a little a higher than my old sneakers, I find that they have better support. I wouldn't say it has a ton of arch support, but I have flat feet and would be uncomfortable with a really high arch anyway. I could definitely walk in these shoes for hours, which is really uncommon for me. Normally, my feet hurt within an hour.\n\nI normally wear a size 6, and that was the size I ordered. It fit me perfectly. I was worried about sizing based on all the other reviews, but Amazon's return policy makes it really easy to try shoes and see if they fit. I would recommend just getting your actual size, and if it doesn't fit right, you can go up or down from there.\n\nMy only complaint is that there's a seam in my left shoe that rubs up against my pinky toe. For the first few days, it was really painful, but I think I now have a callus there. I don't have the same problem in the right shoe. I'm not sure if it's an issue of production or if it's just because my feet are different sizes, but that seam is the only reason I don't wear these shoes every day. I find that after a few days, I have to give my feet a
I love the Teva flip flop! Great price and fast shipping!
If you like pleated shorts, you will really like these shorts.  They are the perfect length and look good in any color.  They are great for golf or just dress wear and they are easy to wash and need no ironing.  Just the best!
Shies are good looking, great fit and comfortable on my size 14 w foot.
Great weight and price! Husband loves all three. Buy a little large and they shrink to perfection! And don't shrink with further wash/drying
worst pant.
Cheap/fake looking. Had to return
Fits like a glove. Well made. Will update comment once I break them in.
wrinkles a lot
i normally always buy skechers but am now going to look for something better quality. I've been wearing these shoes just for work. In the beginning they were very comfortable and seemed well built but 11 months later the stiching in the front all came off and the front of the shoe came almost off,don't buy these they are a waist of money,so sad because the shoes still look bran new.
The relaxed fit pleated pants fits perfectly. Perfect for long drives in a car without discomfort you know where.
I hope they never stop making these shoes.  I wear them all the time.  Very versatile.
These work pants are great except that they run at least two sizes too small. Otherwise my diesel mechanic husband has yet to put a hole in the two pairs I purchased previously.
i love the teva brand and these flip flops are just what i expected
I have been frustrated finding a consistent fit and quality in the stores.  I have bought the same size from the same store on the same day and had some too tight and some too big.  I don't have thick thighs and I don't need leg holes that could fit my waist.  The small size worked great for me, very comfortable.\n\nI used to buy these in the stores and can no longer find them around town, so I was thrilled to find these online.  Great product.
all ok
works as predicted got em fast!
My daughter loves them!
I wear an 8 1/2 E so I ordered a 9 and it fit well with heavy socks.  I used them in the field and all the muck and gunk washed right off.
More padding than expected! Its like a push up bra. The fit and look are nice though and it is comfortable so the padding can be over-looked. True to size!
Awesome pair of boots!
Good fit, husband finds it very comfortable to wear, especially on hot days. Would purchase again.
good hot weather work pant, order the wrong size
The waist is about one size larger than listed. I like the color and the length. The price was just right when ordered.
For being a tall shirt the sleeves are still rather short. Even so I like the shirt and the style so I wear it with the sleeves rolled up.
good price, fast ship, quality construction. would buy again
Great T
Expected then to be a little tighter but overall they are great and so comfortable! Great colour!!
I really like these dickies pants although I prefer the button fastening system over the clip type. Also, these would be even more fly if they had more dickies logos
Fine for the winter, very happy!
I was pleasantly surprised when i received these. The gems are light in color, but very beautiful. They are a nice size and lock in perfectly.
Great polarized lenses and very stylish. As others have mentioned, the arms tend to be a little short but I'll deal with it since I didn't want to go up in frame size. Overall, pretty happy with these.
very nice material and color
My husband needed a wallet of some kind and this was recommended by his cousin. It is sleek and functional. It was a best buy in my book. He never looses his cards or misplaces his cash.
THESE ARE GREAT! I purchased these as my first pair of white sneakers and I haven't been disappointed. I will say they are VERY high maintenance especially because they are canvas but they are still very stylish and trendy
really comfortable!
I have always loved chucks, they are a classic. If you need more support in the arch, you can always add an  arch support or insert. For me, they run true to size. A half size smaller is to narrow, since they run narrow in the toe anyway. I have wide feet, so if your feet are narrow, maybe  this would not apply to you.
I purchased these despite the complaints of the smell.  The shoe is great for the money and is of decent quality.  Mine smell as pungently as about half the shoes I have ever purchased.  Either I got lucky or the claims of an unbearable stench are a bit exaggerated.\n\nI would make the purchase again.  For the price if they last half a year I will have gotten my moneys worth.  I don't often have a need for a casual black shoe so the low cost fit the bill.
I was impress with the way the  jeans fit. Makes me look  smaller fits great. I am real please with the jeans.
Will be buying more..... The colors selections are not bad, matching to pants is not hard... The shirt's proportions are are good and not sagging at the shoulders....
My 5 year old granddaughter opened this up and put it on immediately over her leotard. She loved it. Good transaction. Thanks.
Good
